how did I get here another godforsaken
country wanting to find you again the
truth is I never really knew how it
blend the only thing I am sure is how it
began
so are you married no man in my village
went woman over 18 in my tribe it's 30
all kinds of food mini you've met Nick
who's our team leader and full-time
doctor what's that perfume you're
wearing perfume in the middle of the
desert
there's something you won
we got about ten days left what are you
gonna do in the food frenzy oh we
usually find a way dr. Callahan I
presume 25,000 now you will do this and
you will do this right and remember I'm
the guy that makes you possible you're
not wearing perfect are you gonna tell
me where we're gonna place native order
what's the problem the boxers gay for
who
those away people's lies depend on that
I swear to God I don't did you know
about the guns thousands of kids died
because I wouldn't bend the rules you
have to transport guns to help people do
here
I think you know he wasn't just a doctor
anymore
I'm worried that something's gonna
happen to you you say you're CIA agent
one of you must die I'm absolutely crazy
about you I'm not good for you you owe
me you took the money if anything
happens to her I'm what [ __ ]
disappeared I want you to be safe go
home I'm not leaving until I find him
you're willing to risk your life for now
I want to know her nick is
you